How to get started with Agoric for Hackathon devs (#362)
Agoric/documentation: main/getting-started/intro-hackathon.md

> # Getting Started for the Agoric Hackathon

Reviewer: Let's title this Getting Started for HackTheOrb, The Agoric x Chainlink Hackathon!

  definitions to (i.e. what does *mint* mean in an Agoric context?).

## Videos

We have two videos of talks given to external audiences that are particularly useful to contract developers.

- [DeFi Workshops: Smart Contracts in JavaScript](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qudVWjSqDJU)
  by Dean Tribble covers general concepts with examples.
  
- [Building a Composable DeFi Contract](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faxrecQgEio) by Kate Sills walks through programming first a covered call option contract,
and then writing an OTC Desk contract that uses the covered call contract.

## ERTP and Zoe Guides and APIs

For a deeper explanation of Agoric concepts, what you can accomplish with a contract,
and what Agoric API commands do, read the following:

- ERTP: The **[ERTP Guide](/ertp/guide/README.md)** is a detailed description of 
  ERTP concepts, design, components, and commands. The ERTP API is documented
  [here](/ertp/api/#ertp-api). 
- Zoe: The **[Zoe Guide](/zoe/guide/README.md)** is a detailed description of 
  Zoe concepts, design, components, and commands. The Zoe API is documented
  [here](/zoe/api/#zoe-api).
  

> ## Install and run the Agoric platform

Reviewer: This section should be at the top

## ERTP and Zoe Guides and APIs

For a deeper explanation of Agoric concepts, what you can accomplish with a contract,
and what Agoric API commands do, read the following:

- ERTP: The **[ERTP Guide](/ertp/guide/README.md)** is a detailed description of 
  ERTP concepts, design, components, and commands. The ERTP API is documented
  [here](/ertp/api/#ertp-api). 
- Zoe: The **[Zoe Guide](/zoe/guide/README.md)** is a detailed description of 
  Zoe concepts, design, components, and commands. The Zoe API is documented
  [here](/zoe/api/#zoe-api).
  
## Example contracts

To familiarize yourself with working Agoric smart contracts, take a look at our 
[sample contracts](/zoe/guide/contracts/README.md). They are:
- [Atomic Swap](/zoe/guide/contracts/atomic-swap.md)
- [Autoswap](/zoe/guide/contracts/autoswap.md)
- [Barter Exchange](/zoe/guide/contracts/barter-exchange.md)
- [Covered Call](/zoe/guide/contracts/covered-call.md)
- [Multipool Autoswap](/zoe/guide/contracts/multipoolAutoswap.md)
- [Second-price auction](/zoe/guide/contracts/second-price-auction.md)
- [Simple Exchange](/zoe/guide/contracts/simple-exchange.md)

> 

Reviewer 2: We have many more contracts than this. Can we add them to the list and link to Github if there is not yet adequate documentation?

## Advanced or specialized documentation

As you start writing contracts, you should read our

> **[JavaScript Distributed Programming Guide](/distributed-programming.md)**. 
> We've made some Agoric-specific additions at various layers, including concepts, syntax, 
> and additions to the Agoric library. You should know about and understand these before 
> doing significant programming on the Agoric platform.

Reviewer 3: If they are Agoric-specific additions, they must have been additions to things the developer might already have been familiar with. I suspect you mean javascript, blockchain, and perhaps distributed programming, but this doesn't say any of that.

Here's a start at actually saying that.

```suggestion
**[JavaScript Distributed Programming Guide](/distributed-programming.md)**. 
The Agoric platform allows you to write smart contracts in JavaScript, and run them where they'll be able to communicate with other programs running on Cosmos, Ethereum, or BitCoin. We've made some Agoric-specific additions to JavaScript, and added functionality that makes distributed programming both more secure and more approachable than other platforms. This guide presents concepts, syntax, 
and tools available on our platform. You should know about and understand these before 
doing significant programming on the Agoric platform.
```

More specialized documentation includes:
- **[Wallet API Reference](/wallet-api.md)**: How to work with an Agoric wallet, which stores users' assets.
- **[Agoric CLI Guide](/getting-started/agoric-cli-guide.md)**: Details about Agoric CLI commands, which
  install dependencies, initialize, deploy, and start Agoric projects. It also tells how to use 
  the Agoric CLI to develop and test multiuser Dapps by deploying and starting a local-chain-multiuser scenario.
- **[Deploying Smart Contracts](./deploying.md)**: A brief description of the tools and processes 
  for deploying contracts to the chain and application code to the application server.
- **[dIBC (Dynamic Inter-Blockchain Communication Protocol) Guide](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk/blob/master/packages/SwingSet/docs/networking.md)**:
  Our enhancement to [IBC](https://cosmos.network/ibc) for connecting to services on other blockchains or making
  services on the Agoric blockchain available to other blockchains. 

Finally, our ultimate documentation is our **[GitHub

> repository](https://github.com/Agoric/)** for the code that defines the Agoric SDK.

Reviewer 2: If the link text says repo, let's actually link to that, not the Agoric organization 
```suggestion
repository](https://github.com/Agoric/agoric-sdk)** for the code that defines the Agoric SDK.
```
